[872, 911] Nida Khan Tech Support Executive - Teleperformance for Microsoft  Jaipur, Rajasthan - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Nida-Khan/6c9160696f57efd8  • To be an integral part of the organization and enhance my knowledge to utilize it in a productive manner for the growth of the company and the global.  INDUSTRIAL TRAINING  • BHEL, (HEEP) HARIDWAR On CNC System&amp; PLC Programming.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Tech Support Executive  Teleperformance for Microsoft -  September 2017 to Present  process. • 21 months of experience in ADFC as Phone Banker.  EDUCATION  Bachelor of Technology in Electronics & communication Engg  GNIT institute of Technology -  Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh  2008 to 2012  Class XII  U.P. Board -  Bareilly, Uttar Pradesh  2007  Class X  U.P. Board -  Bareilly, Uttar Pradesh  2005  SKILLS  Microsoft office, excel, cisco, c language, cbs. (4 years)  https://www.indeed.com/r/Nida-Khan/6c9160696f57efd8?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN
[800, 858] Nida Khan Tech Support Executive - Teleperformance for Microsoft  Jaipur, Rajasthan - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Nida-Khan/6c9160696f57efd8  • To be an integral part of the organization and enhance my knowledge to utilize it in a productive manner for the growth of the company and the global.  INDUSTRIAL TRAINING  • BHEL, (HEEP) HARIDWAR On CNC System&amp; PLC Programming.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Tech Support Executive  Teleperformance for Microsoft -  September 2017 to Present  process. • 21 months of experience in ADFC as Phone Banker.  EDUCATION  Bachelor of Technology in Electronics & communication Engg  GNIT institute of Technology -  Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh  2008 to 2012  Class XII  U.P. Board -  Bareilly, Uttar Pradesh  2007  Class X  U.P. Board -  Bareilly, Uttar Pradesh  2005  SKILLS  Microsoft office, excel, cisco, c language, cbs. (4 years)  https://www.indeed.com/r/Nida-Khan/6c9160696f57efd8?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN
[612, 641] Nida Khan Tech Support Executive - Teleperformance for Microsoft  Jaipur, Rajasthan - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Nida-Khan/6c9160696f57efd8  • To be an integral part of the organization and enhance my knowledge to utilize it in a productive manner for the growth of the company and the global.  INDUSTRIAL TRAINING  • BHEL, (HEEP) HARIDWAR On CNC System&amp; PLC Programming.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Tech Support Executive  Teleperformance for Microsoft -  September 2017 to Present  process. • 21 months of experience in ADFC as Phone Banker.  EDUCATION  Bachelor of Technology in Electronics & communication Engg  GNIT institute of Technology -  Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh  2008 to 2012  Class XII  U.P. Board -  Bareilly, Uttar Pradesh  2007  Class X  U.P. Board -  Bareilly, Uttar Pradesh  2005  SKILLS  Microsoft office, excel, cisco, c language, cbs. (4 years)  https://www.indeed.com/r/Nida-Khan/6c9160696f57efd8?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN
[552, 609] Nida Khan Tech Support Executive - Teleperformance for Microsoft  Jaipur, Rajasthan - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Nida-Khan/6c9160696f57efd8  • To be an integral part of the organization and enhance my knowledge to utilize it in a productive manner for the growth of the company and the global.  INDUSTRIAL TRAINING  • BHEL, (HEEP) HARIDWAR On CNC System&amp; PLC Programming.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Tech Support Executive  Teleperformance for Microsoft -  September 2017 to Present  process. • 21 months of experience in ADFC as Phone Banker.  EDUCATION  Bachelor of Technology in Electronics & communication Engg  GNIT institute of Technology -  Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh  2008 to 2012  Class XII  U.P. Board -  Bareilly, Uttar Pradesh  2007  Class X  U.P. Board -  Bareilly, Uttar Pradesh  2005  SKILLS  Microsoft office, excel, cisco, c language, cbs. (4 years)  https://www.indeed.com/r/Nida-Khan/6c9160696f57efd8?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN
[420, 449] Nida Khan Tech Support Executive - Teleperformance for Microsoft  Jaipur, Rajasthan - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Nida-Khan/6c9160696f57efd8  • To be an integral part of the organization and enhance my knowledge to utilize it in a productive manner for the growth of the company and the global.  INDUSTRIAL TRAINING  • BHEL, (HEEP) HARIDWAR On CNC System&amp; PLC Programming.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Tech Support Executive  Teleperformance for Microsoft -  September 2017 to Present  process. • 21 months of experience in ADFC as Phone Banker.  EDUCATION  Bachelor of Technology in Electronics & communication Engg  GNIT institute of Technology -  Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh  2008 to 2012  Class XII  U.P. Board -  Bareilly, Uttar Pradesh  2007  Class X  U.P. Board -  Bareilly, Uttar Pradesh  2005  SKILLS  Microsoft office, excel, cisco, c language, cbs. (4 years)  https://www.indeed.com/r/Nida-Khan/6c9160696f57efd8?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN
[395, 418] Nida Khan Tech Support Executive - Teleperformance for Microsoft  Jaipur, Rajasthan - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Nida-Khan/6c9160696f57efd8  • To be an integral part of the organization and enhance my knowledge to utilize it in a productive manner for the growth of the company and the global.  INDUSTRIAL TRAINING  • BHEL, (HEEP) HARIDWAR On CNC System&amp; PLC Programming.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Tech Support Executive  Teleperformance for Microsoft -  September 2017 to Present  process. • 21 months of experience in ADFC as Phone Banker.  EDUCATION  Bachelor of Technology in Electronics & communication Engg  GNIT institute of Technology -  Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh  2008 to 2012  Class XII  U.P. Board -  Bareilly, Uttar Pradesh  2007  Class X  U.P. Board -  Bareilly, Uttar Pradesh  2005  SKILLS  Microsoft office, excel, cisco, c language, cbs. (4 years)  https://www.indeed.com/r/Nida-Khan/6c9160696f57efd8?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN
[1522, 1566] Anurag Asthana Pune, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Anurag-Asthana/ea7451b2bdb6115a  • Looking forward for joining a company where my creative thinking and excellent skills in application development using modern development tools will be utilized.  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  WORK EXPERIENCE  Infosys LTD -  MAHARASHTRA, IN -  April 2017 to Present  Location: Pune, India Client: Insurance Client from London Duration: April 2017 -Till Date Technology/Tools: Microsoft SharePoint 2013, Azure Cognitive Services, Azure Service Bus, Azure Blob Storage, .net framework 4.7  Responsibilities:  • Independently worked on designing solution architecture of the project. • Lead team from technical front in all the components built • Followed Agile development approach to efficiently manage continuous development process and incremental requirement changes • Design SharePoint components using SharePoint CSOM and .net framework 4.7 • Design Azure components using azure .net sdks and .net framework 4.7 • Implement Micro Services architecture using Azure Service Bus  Project Title: SharePoint 2013 Application Development and Enhancement  Infosys LTD -  London -  February 2017 to March 2018  Infosys LTD -  MAHARASHTRA, IN -  August 2015 to January 2017  SharePoint Designer  Microsoft SharePoint -  2017 to 2017  2013, Nintex.  Responsibilities: • Investigated and identified requirements via process flows, use cases communicated with Subject Matter Experts to define system requirement.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Anurag-Asthana/ea7451b2bdb6115a?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   • Suggested improvements to be included into new system for Skills Alignment Portal • Followed Agile development approach to efficiently manage continuous development process and incremental requirement changes • Independently designed, developed and delivered multiple forms and workflows over SharePoint 2013 start from scratch using Nintex • Designed and Implemented useful components using SharePoint out-of-the-box capabilities and SharePoint REST web service • Utilized SharePoint APPs technology to create custom enhancements on current sites for customer satisfaction and efficiency • Developed underwriting support applications using asp.net MVC / Web API.  Infosys LTD -  MAHARASHTRA, IN -  December 2013 to July 2015  Enterprise IT Support  Infosys LTD -  MAHARASHTRA, IN -  September 2013 to November 2013  Location: Pune, India Client: Oil and Gas Client from USA Duration: September 2013 - November 2013  Infosys LTD -  MAHARASHTRA, IN -  June 2013 to August 2013  Location: Pune, India Client: Oil and Gas Client from USA Duration: June 2013 - August 2013  Infosys LTD -  MAHARASHTRA, IN -  February 2013 to May 2013  Infosys LTD -  MAHARASHTRA, IN -  November 2012 to January 2013  Location: Pune, India Client: Infosys Ltd. Duration: November 2012 - January 2013  SharePoint Designer, Avepoint Docave  Microsoft SharePoint -  2012 to 2012  6.  Responsibilities:    • Responsible for creating SharePoint hosted apps. • Responsible for developing web services [WEB API's]. • Responsible for creating ECMA scripts. • Responsible for creating console applications using SharePoint Client Object Model. • Responsible for migrating SharePoint MOSS 2007 sites to SharePoint 2013 using Avepoint Docave. • Responsible for developing remote site provisioning mechanism using CSOM • Responsible for creating provider hosted apps using asp.net mvc.  Project Title: Operating System  Microsoft Fast Search, SharePoint Designer  Microsoft SharePoint -  2010 to 2010  Responsibilities:  • Responsible for maintaining database of the project. • Responsible for designing page layouts. • Responsible for creating ECMA scripts. • Responsible for creating console applications using SharePoint Client Object Model. • Responsible for creating SSIS solution to import data from multiple sources using SharePoint web services. • Responsible for creating custom SharePoint alerts using SSIS solution. • Responsible for creating SSRS solution to create Dashboards. • Responsible for creating Stored Procedures and Functions used for various operations. • Responsible for customizing list forms. • Responsible for creating Search pages using Microsoft FAST search 2010.  Microsoft SharePoint -  2010 to 2010  Responsibilities:  • Responsible for fixing bugs in SharePoint applications • Responsible for automating bug fixing process. • Responsible for interacting with clients for understanding business requirements. • Responsible for enhancing SharePoint application as per business requirements. • Identifying limitations and suggesting appropriate solutions.  Microsoft InfoPath Designer  Microsoft SharePoint -  2010 to 2010  2010, Microsoft SharePoint Designer 2010, Microsoft Office 2010.  Responsibilities:    • Responsible for creating multiple custom lists and document libraries. • Responsible for creating and customizing InfoPath forms and associating it with document libraries. • Responsible for creating SharePoint Designer Workflows. • Responsible for customizing list forms and views. • Responsible for creating Excel reports in SharePoint.  Project Title: 5 Day Close Monitoring Tool  Technology/Tools: Microsoft SharePoint 2010, Microsoft SQL Server 2008 R2, Microsoft Visual Studio 2010, Microsoft InfoPath Designer 2010, Microsoft SharePoint Designer 2010, Microsoft Office 2010 Responsibilities:  • Responsible for creating custom lists, document libraries, SharePoint groups. • Responsible for creating custom permission levels in SharePoint and defining permission policies on lists, libraries and web parts. • Responsible for maintaining database of the project. • Responsible to create SSIS packages. • Responsible to create power pivot reports. • Responsible for creating dashboards on SharePoint site using Power Pivot library. • Responsible for creating tool for generating power pivot reports on multiple servers.  Microsoft Designer  Microsoft SharePoint -  2010 to 2010  2010. Responsibilities:  • Responsible for creating multiple custom lists and document libraries. • Responsible for creating and customizing InfoPath forms and associating it with document libraries. • Responsible for creating SharePoint Designer Workflows. • Responsible for customizing list forms and views. • Responsible for creating custom permission levels and applying it to various lists and libraries.  EDUCATION  Bachelor of Technology in Information Technology  Graphic Era University -  Dehra Dun, Uttarakhand  May 2012  Senior Secondary -  Kashipur, Uttarakhand  2008    SKILLS  MICROSOFT SHAREPOINT (7 years), SHAREPOINT (7 years), .NET (6 years), MICROSOFT VISUAL STUDIO (6 years), VISUAL STUDIO (6 years)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  SKILLS • Vast knowledge of developing and implementing applications based on client's needs. • Professional Experience in creating SharePoint solutions using C#, JavaScript etc. • Professional Experience in creating asp.net web applications using MVC, Entity Framework. • Professional experience in creating application using Azure micro services architecture  TECHNICAL EXPERTISE  Languages and Software C, C#.net, Asp.net MVC 5, Entity Framework 6, Microsoft Office, Microsoft SharePoint 2010, Microsoft SharePoint 2013, Microsoft, SharePoint Designer, Microsoft Visual Studio 2008, Microsoft Visual Studio 2010, Microsoft Visual Studio 2012, InfoPath, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, SharePoint Apps using MVC and KnockoutJS, Nintex forms and Workflows, Azure  MSBI SQL Server 2008, SQL Server 2012, SSIS, SSRS Operating System Windows Family  TOTAL EXPERIENCE  No. Company Role Duration 1. Infosys Ltd Technology Analyst 5 Years 11 Months
[774, 897] Fenil Francis head of operation and logistics  Trichur, Kerala - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Fenil-Francis/445e6b4cb0b43094  To succeed in an environment of growth and excellence and earn a job which provides me job satisfaction and self development and help me achieve personal as well as organization goals.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Manager  Masters equipments -  Trichur, Kerala -  May 2017 to Present  Sales Manager  Microsoft Power -  Trichur, Kerala -  May 2017 to Present  2. Microsoft Office: Microsoft Word, Microsoft Power point, Microsoft Excel  EDUCATION  B.Com in Computer Application  Madurai Kamaraj University -  Madurai, Tamil Nadu  2017  SSLC  Kerala State Board  2012  SKILLS  PROBLEM SOLVING (Less than 1 year)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  SKILLS &amp; ABILITIES: • Good Communication Skill • Sincere • Hard working • Leadership skill • Pleasing personality • Problem solving capability  https://www.indeed.com/r/Fenil-Francis/445e6b4cb0b43094?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN
[2088, 2132] Yathishwaran P Maximo Consultant - Infosys Limited  Namakkal, Tamil Nadu - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Yathishwaran-P/a9c8d42210af40b8  • Maximo Consultant in Infosys Limited, Chennai from August 2013 till date (around 4.8 years) • IT professional with 4.4 years of experience in BIRT reporting, application support in IBM MAXIMO Application. • IBM Certified MAXIMO ASSET MANAGEMENT, PURCHASE ORDER, PROCUREMENT, PURCHASE REQUISITION Professional • Submitted Internal tutorial document on Configuration of Hover Dialogs and Its usage in Maximo V7.6 • Worked on various customer requirements and having overall experience with ➢ Preventive Maintenance ➢ Maximo automation and implementation ➢ MBO customizations ➢ Data Supply chain ➢ Portals, Workflows Designing ➢ Reports/Query Creation ➢ Work order tracking, Invoicing, Purchase order ➢ Asset Management ➢ Maximo Integration Framework (MIF) ➢ Labors, Crews, Security Group Set up ➢ Domains, Database configuration ➢ Basics of BIRT, Cognos Reporting, Monitor logs from Admin console. ➢ Maximo Java customization ➢ Maximo Installation/Upgradation ➢ Basic WebSphere function  • Strong interpersonal skills and the ability to work in team efficiently. Customer Service support experience in a helpdesk environment. • Strong dedication towards work to ensure delivery of projects according to the schedules. Proactively approached for delivering excellent customer service and liaising with stakeholders. • Ambitious, enthusiastic and highly motivated person with excellent problem solving skills and also having ability to quickly master new technologies and skills. • Maintains effective work behavior in the face of setbacks or pressure. Strong multi-tasking capability, target and deadline oriented. • Engaging and resilient communicator demonstrating influencing skills and an ability to adapt approaches to differing situations  Willing to relocate to: Chennai, Tamil Nadu - Mysore, Karnataka - Bengaluru, Karnataka  WORK EXPERIENCE  Maximo Consultant  Infosys Limited -  Chennai, Tamil Nadu -  August 2013 to Present  https://www.indeed.com/r/Yathishwaran-P/a9c8d42210af40b8?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   around 4.8 years) • IT professional with 4.4 years of experience in BIRT reporting, application support in IBM MAXIMO Application. • IBM Certified MAXIMO ASSET MANAGEMENT, PURCHASE ORDER, PROCUREMENT, PURCHASE REQUISITION Professional • Submitted Internal tutorial document on Configuration of Hover Dialogs and Its usage in Maximo V7.6 • Worked on various customer requirements and having overall experience with ➢ Preventive Maintenance ➢ Maximo automation and implementation ➢ MBO customizations ➢ Data Supply chain ➢ Portals, Workflows Designing ➢ Reports/Query Creation ➢ Work order tracking, Invoicing, Purchase order ➢ Asset Management ➢ Maximo Integration Framework (MIF) ➢ Labors, Crews, Security Group Set up ➢ Domains, Database configuration ➢ Basics of BIRT, Cognos Reporting, Monitor logs from Admin console. ➢ Maximo Java customization ➢ Maximo Installation/Upgradation ➢ Basic WebSphere function  • Strong interpersonal skills and the ability to work in team efficiently. Customer Service support experience in a helpdesk environment. • Strong dedication towards work to ensure delivery of projects according to the schedules. Proactively approached for delivering excellent customer service and liaising with stakeholders. • Ambitious, enthusiastic and highly motivated person with excellent problem solving skills and also having ability to quickly master new technologies and skills. • Maintains effective work behavior in the face of setbacks or pressure. Strong multi-tasking capability, target and deadline oriented. • Engaging and resilient communicator demonstrating influencing skills and an ability to adapt approaches to differing situations  Role: Senior Systems Engineer • Working as Maximo Consultant for Bombardier Transportation, Canada  • Strong knowledge in Maximo configuration using Automation Scripting, Database configuration, Application Designer, Domains, Workflows and other major applications • Providing efficient solution for the issues related to Work orders, Asset configuration, Item Master, Preventive Maintenance, Inventory, Domain related issue • Thorough implementation, support knowledge of Bombardier Transportation Maximo version 4, 6, 7.1 and 7.6. • Having experience in Maximo Implementation, L2 and L3 support, and deployment activities • Having experience in Incident Management, Problem management, Change management, Service Request, and other applications. • Delivering 100% effectiveness in resolving ticket by ensuring compliance with client Service Level Agreements (SLAs)    • Developing Conditional Queries/Reports to verify the desired results. • Worked on various formal and informal production reports. • Created the template for maintaining the application maintenance activities. • Worked in many configuration management applications for asset management related activities for future implementation. • Working in 24*7 support. Resolved many critical issues which appreciated by client  BIRT Reports BTRAMR0001SYSER.rptdesign (Work order report): • My client was using default BTRAMR2 Work order reports. They also use a different work order report in Maximo V4 and V6. The earlier used report have many drawbacks such as  No Flexibility for modification since it is used by many divisions Empty boxes, lot of missing information Not align with Systems objectives and processes Historical context on the asset is missing Esthetical issues: Font too small, input fields not instinctive No bar coding used • The outcome of this report is a form to support technician's work and regulation and give them simplicity to input information. It covers the full spectra of requirements of System Services divisions. • This report is site specific one and it will display the WO details along with its task WOs and failure reporting information. • Each site is having their own logo. This current report will display the logo based on site. • It was implemented in V7.1 only. In V7.1 we do not have the option of auto resetting page numbers (i.e., while displaying multiple WOs, for each new WO page number will not be reset automatically) . I have implemented this option in this report. • Language Translation was used for this report in German and French • I did not use IBM templates for this report. I have customized our own template in this report.  BTRAMR0009.rptdesign (Availability Report):  • This particular report relates to the requirement of the business to be able to create a Availability Graph based on selected Train Assets, a timeframe and selected work types / work order parameters. • Availability can be calculated based on a Fleet or a single Train. The business requirement is to be able to select this base as needed to suit the project or view needed at that time.  BTRAMR0027.rptdesign (Card Stock Report): Existing report functionality: • Technician requiring a part will take the component in its bin along with an Inventory Card. The technician reports the consumption at the exit of the storeroom on the Kiosk computer where he scans its Work Order and the Inventory Card in the application Issue and Transfer of Maximo. When we rebuild something internally, the technician will bring the new assembly in store, grab the Inventory Card and he will report the return in store against the rebuilt Work order. Objectives: • Created a card stock report in order to match the existing Inventory Card tool developed by Systems. • Increase reporting of consumption    • Redefine the process of cycle count (80% efficiency in Systems) • The report will be based on inventory information and will introduce the notion of real time to increase precision  BTRAMR0001SBB.rptdesign (Report Change): • The report BTRAMR0001SBB was developed for the European project. It is based on the BTRAMR0001MLM report and currently uses only launch option 2 and 3 of the BTRAMR0001MLM report. The client requested to have option 1 (type=1) of the BTRAMR0001MLM implemented in the BTRAMR0001SBB report as well as the translation of the labels from French to English. Objectives: • To have define the type=1, report definition for BTRAMR0001SBB • To have the labels translated from French to English  BTRAMR0002.rptdesign (Systems Purchase Requisition Report):  • The current PR report does not have bar-coding feature and is formatted too small. This is an operational report; it will be used in real time. • Have a common and standardized PR report across all Systems services sites with the support of bar-coding  Incident Management Solution report: • The report displays the overall ticket progress. It shows count of tickets raised and assigned to both Infosys and Client queue. We can view the total no. of tickets raised for various application groups such as Maximo, Kronos and BIEM. It also further categories the ticket count based on ticket priority and the status. This helps in analyzing the data from ticketing tool. • There might be cases where different teams work on the tickets raised. This reports helps to analyses the team wise ticket count. We can there by monitor the performance of various teams. • This report displays the number of Incidents and Service Requests logged in each month. Also it shows total tickets (Incidents + Service requests) logged in each month. • This Report shows the number of tickets logged per country and it has been grouped month wise for various application groups such as Maximo, Kronos and BIEM within a date range.  Vend_Reported_hrs. rptdesign (Vendor Reported Hours): • This report will fetch the details of vendor type labor working hours for each WOs.  Role: Quality Anchor • Working as Quality Anchor for my team, which involves creating defect prevention analysis, tracking all the works and auditing for quality • Providing Statistics about the monthly activities done by the team • From defect prevent analysis focus on specific topic and conducting brainstorming session with team to avoid the defects • Responsible for gathering the requirements from Client and participate in Client Conferences. • Divide the requirements into various sprints based on the velocity. • Distribute the requirements to the team and monitor the development progress and provide clarification on the technical/functional requirements. • Mentor for the new members joining the team.  Other Job Related Activities:    • Successfully Completed Training in Design Thinking course and Kronos tool which keeps tracks on Work force management.  Maximo consultant  Infosys Limited  around 4.8 years) • IT professional with 4.4 years of experience in BIRT reporting, application support in IBM MAXIMO Application. • IBM Certified MAXIMO ASSET MANAGEMENT, PURCHASE ORDER, PROCUREMENT, PURCHASE REQUISITION Professional • Submitted Internal tutorial document on Configuration of Hover Dialogs and Its usage in Maximo V7.6 • Worked on various customer requirements and having overall experience with ➢ Preventive Maintenance ➢ Maximo automation and implementation ➢ MBO customizations ➢ Data Supply chain ➢ Portals, Workflows Designing ➢ Reports/Query Creation ➢ Work order tracking, Invoicing, Purchase order ➢ Asset Management ➢ Maximo Integration Framework (MIF) ➢ Labors, Crews, Security Group Set up ➢ Domains, Database configuration ➢ Basics of BIRT, Cognos Reporting, Monitor logs from Admin console. ➢ Maximo Java customization ➢ Maximo Installation/Upgradation ➢ Basic WebSphere function  • Strong interpersonal skills and the ability to work in team efficiently. Customer Service support experience in a helpdesk environment. • Strong dedication towards work to ensure delivery of projects according to the schedules. Proactively approached for delivering excellent customer service and liaising with stakeholders. • Ambitious, enthusiastic and highly motivated person with excellent problem solving skills and also having ability to quickly master new technologies and skills. • Maintains effective work behavior in the face of setbacks or pressure. Strong multi-tasking capability, target and deadline oriented. • Engaging and resilient communicator demonstrating influencing skills and an ability to adapt approaches to differing situations  Role: Senior Systems Engineer • Working as Maximo Consultant for Bombardier Transportation, Canada  • Strong knowledge in Maximo configuration using Automation Scripting, Database configuration, Application Designer, Domains, Workflows and other major applications • Providing efficient solution for the issues related to Work orders, Asset configuration, Item Master, Preventive Maintenance, Inventory, Domain related issue    • Thorough implementation, support knowledge of Bombardier Transportation Maximo version 4, 6, 7.1 and 7.6. • Having experience in Maximo Implementation, L2 and L3 support, and deployment activities • Having experience in Incident Management, Problem management, Change management, Service Request, and other applications. • Delivering 100% effectiveness in resolving ticket by ensuring compliance with client Service Level Agreements (SLAs) • Developing Conditional Queries/Reports to verify the desired results. • Worked on various formal and informal production reports. • Created the template for maintaining the application maintenance activities. • Worked in many configuration management applications for asset management related activities for future implementation. • Working in 24*7 support. Resolved many critical issues which appreciated by client  BIRT Reports BTRAMR0001SYSER.rptdesign (Work order report): • My client was using default BTRAMR2 Work order reports. They also use a different work order report in Maximo V4 and V6. The earlier used report have many drawbacks such as  No Flexibility for modification since it is used by many divisions Empty boxes, lot of missing information Not align with Systems objectives and processes Historical context on the asset is missing Esthetical issues: Font too small, input fields not instinctive No bar coding used • The outcome of this report is a form to support technician's work and regulation and give them simplicity to input information. It covers the full spectra of requirements of System Services divisions. • This report is site specific one and it will display the WO details along with its task WOs and failure reporting information. • Each site is having their own logo. This current report will display the logo based on site. • It was implemented in V7.1 only. In V7.1 we do not have the option of auto resetting page numbers (i.e., while displaying multiple WOs, for each new WO page number will not be reset automatically) . I have implemented this option in this report. • Language Translation was used for this report in German and French • I did not use IBM templates for this report. I have customized our own template in this report.  BTRAMR0009.rptdesign (Availability Report):  • This particular report relates to the requirement of the business to be able to create a Availability Graph based on selected Train Assets, a timeframe and selected work types / work order parameters. • Availability can be calculated based on a Fleet or a single Train. The business requirement is to be able to select this base as needed to suit the project or view needed at that time.  BTRAMR0027.rptdesign (Card Stock Report): Existing report functionality: • Technician requiring a part will take the component in its bin along with an Inventory Card. The technician reports the consumption at the exit of the storeroom on the Kiosk computer where    he scans its Work Order and the Inventory Card in the application Issue and Transfer of Maximo. When we rebuild something internally, the technician will bring the new assembly in store, grab the Inventory Card and he will report the return in store against the rebuilt Work order. Objectives: • Created a card stock report in order to match the existing Inventory Card tool developed by Systems. • Increase reporting of consumption • Redefine the process of cycle count (80% efficiency in Systems) • The report will be based on inventory information and will introduce the notion of real time to increase precision  BTRAMR0001SBB.rptdesign (Report Change): • The report BTRAMR0001SBB was developed for the European project. It is based on the BTRAMR0001MLM report and currently uses only launch option 2 and 3 of the BTRAMR0001MLM report. The client requested to have option 1 (type=1) of the BTRAMR0001MLM implemented in the BTRAMR0001SBB report as well as the translation of the labels from French to English. Objectives: • To have define the type=1, report definition for BTRAMR0001SBB • To have the labels translated from French to English  BTRAMR0002.rptdesign (Systems Purchase Requisition Report):  • The current PR report does not have bar-coding feature and is formatted too small. This is an operational report; it will be used in real time. • Have a common and standardized PR report across all Systems services sites with the support of bar-coding  Incident Management Solution report: • The report displays the overall ticket progress. It shows count of tickets raised and assigned to both Infosys and Client queue. We can view the total no. of tickets raised for various application groups such as Maximo, Kronos and BIEM. It also further categories the ticket count based on ticket priority and the status. This helps in analyzing the data from ticketing tool. • There might be cases where different teams work on the tickets raised. This reports helps to analyses the team wise ticket count. We can there by monitor the performance of various teams. • This report displays the number of Incidents and Service Requests logged in each month. Also it shows total tickets (Incidents + Service requests) logged in each month. • This Report shows the number of tickets logged per country and it has been grouped month wise for various application groups such as Maximo, Kronos and BIEM within a date range.  Vend_Reported_hrs. rptdesign (Vendor Reported Hours): • This report will fetch the details of vendor type labor working hours for each WOs.  Role: Quality Anchor • Working as Quality Anchor for my team, which involves creating defect prevention analysis, tracking all the works and auditing for quality • Providing Statistics about the monthly activities done by the team • From defect prevent analysis focus on specific topic and conducting brainstorming session with team to avoid the defects • Responsible for gathering the requirements from Client and participate in Client Conferences.    • Divide the requirements into various sprints based on the velocity. • Distribute the requirements to the team and monitor the development progress and provide clarification on the technical/functional requirements. • Mentor for the new members joining the team.  Other Job Related Activities: • Successfully Completed Training in Design Thinking course and Kronos tool which keeps tracks on Work force management.  EDUCATION  Bachelor of Engineering in Electronics and Communication in Electronics and Communication  Nandha Engineering College -  Erode, Tamil Nadu  2012  Secondary Education  Government Boys Higher Secondary School -  Pallipalayam, Namakkal, IN  2008  SKILLS  CODA (4 years), Cognos (4 years), Database (4 years), Eclipse (Less than 1 year), IBM COGNOS (4 years)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Technical Skills: Reporting Tools BIRT, Cognos (Basics) Database Oracle  Operating Systems Windows Languages SQL, JavaScripting Web Technologies Tools HTML SQL Developer, Eclipse
